---
title: ConnectionAsgmtMode
second_title: Aspose.Email for .NET API Reference
description: 
type: docs
weight: 30
url: /net/aspose.email.clients/emailclient/connectionasgmtmode/
---
## EmailClient.ConnectionAsgmtMode property

Gets or sets value which defines mode of connection allocation in multiple threads environment There are folowing connection types: - Main connection is connection created and disposed together with mail client.It can't be created or disposed manually. - Default connection is connection default for some thread. If default connection exists and ConnectionAsgmtMode allow, all methods of email client executed in this thread will be implicitly use this connection. Only one default connection can be exist per thread. It can be created manually or automatically. It depends on EmailClient.ConnectionAsgmtMode property. These connections can be created manually with EmailClient.CreateConnection(createAsDefaultConnection = true) method. If default connection does not used(depends on connection allocation mode), main connection used implicitly instead of it. - Independent connections are connections that are not linked to threads.They can be created manually and has to be used explicitly as method parameter. These connections can be created manually with EmailClient.CreateConnection() method or EmailClient.CreateConnection(createAsDefaultConnection = false) method. There are folowing connection allocation types: - ConnectionAsgmtType.UseMainOrDefault This mode uses by default in email clients. Email client uses main connection for all operations from multiple threads if default connection hasn't been created, or connection hasnt been passed as method parameter explicitly. Main connection is connection which is created in the same time like email client. User can create default connections for threads with CreateConnection method. If default connection for thread is created, it's used implicitly for all methods of email client which are invoked in this thread. If default connection for thread is not created, main connection is used for all methods of email client which are invoked in this thread. User also can create connections not linked with threads (not default connections) with CreateConnection method. If user wants to use other connections (not main and not default) he has to pass this connection explicitly as parameter of a method which he wants to use. User can additionally create any number of connections. Default connection can be only one per thread. Please note default connections works correctly if user uses Thread objects for multitasking programming. If user uses ConnectionPool or uses Task objects for multitasking programming this mode may lead to wrong behaviour of a programm. To avoid this problem user has to manually dispose default conection (if he uses it) in the end of the code which executes in the thread. - ConnectionAsgmtType.UseMain Email client uses main connection for all operations from multiple threads. Main connection is connection which is created in the same time like email client. User cann't create default connections. User can create connections not linked with threads (not default connections) with CreateConnection method. If user wants to use other connections (not main and not default) he has to pass this connection explicitly as parameter of a method which he wants to use. User can additionally create any number of connections. - ConnectionAsgmtType.UseDefault Email client uses implicitly only default connections for all operations from multiple threads. Main connection is not used in this mode. If default connection hasn't been created for some thread (first invocation of email client method), email client creates default connection implicitly for thread before first operation is executed. User can't create default connections for threads with CreateConnection method because they are created automatically. When default connection for thread is created, it's used implicitly for all methods of email client which are invoked in this thread.read. User also can create connections not linked with threads (not default connections) with CreateConnection method. If user wants to use other connections (not main and not default) he has to pass this connection explicitly as parameter of a method which he wants to use. User can additionally create any number of connections. Default connection can be only one per thread. Please note default connections works correctly if user uses Thread objects for multitasking programming. If user uses ConnectionPool or uses Task objects for multitasking programming this mode may lead to wrong behaviour of a programm. To avoid this problem user has to manually dispose default conection in the end of the code which executes in the thread.

```csharp
public virtual ConnectionAsgmtType ConnectionAsgmtMode { get; set; }
```

### See Also

* enum [ConnectionAsgmtType](../../connectionasgmttype)
* class [EmailClient](../../emailclient)
* namespace [Aspose.Email.Clients](../../emailclient)
* assembly [Aspose.Email](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for Aspose.Email.dll -->
